added FF Release note for autocorrect and removed it from experiment … (#38196)
mdn/content: files/en-us/mozilla/firefox/releases/136/index.md

### HTML

> - The [`autocorrect`](/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Global_attributes/autocorrect) global attribute allows autocorrection in editable text elements including: most kinds of text {{htmlelement("input")}} elements, {{htmlelement("textarea")}} elements, and elements that have the [`contenteditable`](/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Global_attributes/contenteditable) attribute set. This attribute varies differently depending on the user agent and OS settings. ([Firefox bug 1927977](https://bugzil.la/1927977)).

Reviewer: FYI Its the autocorrection behaviour that varies. Technically it depends on the OS settings, but it is more than that - some OS have no inbuilt default autocorrection at all.

```suggestion
- The [`autocorrect`](/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Global_attributes/autocorrect) global attribute allows autocorrection in editable text elements including: most kinds of text {{htmlelement("input")}} elements, {{htmlelement("textarea")}} elements, and elements that have the [`contenteditable`](/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Global_attributes/contenteditable) attribute set. The specific autocorrection behavior depends on the user agent and underlying OS. ([Firefox bug 1927977](https://bugzil.la/1927977)).
```

Reviewer: Note, your repo settings prevent me merging the changes, or I would have done so.

Reviewer 2: Dave, when you're creating a PR, you can set this here:

![creating-pr](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/011fbcb2-89b8-41a4-b060-68c40d382e0d)

---

When you have a PR already open, you can change this here:

![editing](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/14f4d17e-18cc-41af-96a4-f1419e3347f6)

--- 

Enabling that will help us get edits into your branches faster
